This is the budget table for the project cooperation between Shengshi and Tianxi.
I have told you many times that you should call me Chairman in the company.
Chairman, I have something to report to you.
Let’s sit down and talk about the decades of cooperation between Shengshi and Tang Da.
Tian Qi donated his life with this sense of courage for a long time.
I really don’t know how high the sky is.
From this day on, it is obviously a powerful company that has never been known to make money.
Not only can we cooperate with Shengshi on several major projects.
They can also steal partners from Shengshi Province.
There is a big problem here.
Yunlan, what do you think we should do?
Be prepared to succeed
business field
It's normal for you to argue with me
The business world is as cloudy as a battlefield
You actually said such a thing
You are really not a qualified leader
That's not how this works
Cooperate with the weather
your situation with him
Well, you're not just doing nothing
Fortunately, I didn't leave all the rest in your hands.
Otherwise, nothing will happen
I don’t know how many years Yuanqi has been
The idea has been around for so many years
It turns out that the company will have to count on you in the future.